well IIT they're internet people it's Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the Bahamas
what happened what's happening now and
what it can teach us about talking
points in the United States okay so what
happened a cat5 hurricane
one of the strongest on record winds had
gusts up to 220 miles an hour that's a
tornado
that's tens of miles wide the storm
surge was 20 feet three feet of rainfall
on top of that whole communities were
destroyed the current estimates put it
at 70,000 homeless and displaced keep in
mind the Bahamas only has 400,000 people
15,000 with no food and displaced
thousands missing no clue as to what the
human toll of this disaster is yet this
is a humanitarian disaster of biblical
proportions this is huge this is a
massive issue and the Trump
administration will not grant them
temporary protected status I guess
they're not real refugees either right
see we've heard this before those coming
up on the southern border well they're
not real refugees that they're just
seeking asylum as a loophole they're not
real it's not really you know they're
not really in a bad way you can see this
live you see this live on the Weather
Channel you know how bad it is but we're
not gonna give them status okay and the
administration is saying well it wasn't
their call maybe maybe that's true maybe
they just fostered the environment
within DHS that makes it seem as though
a call like this would be unappreciated
by the President to grant them status
maybe they didn't make it maybe Trump
didn't make it that's a possibility
he just fostered the climate to deny
everything that is totally possible
they're acting as though their hands are
tied that is
true there's a thing called parole and
with parole if they were to grant them
that status they can admit them without
quote totally proper documentation
because you know when your home gets
destroyed you may not have access to
that so that's where we're at that's
where we're at that's what's happening
in the Bahamas we are abandoning our
responsibilities as human beings we are
engaging in something that is just
unamerican unprecedented and disgraceful
we are leaving people to die people will
die and what we're gonna send people
back refuse to grant them status and
send them back to islands with no
sanitation yeah now a lot of the news
outlets are saying well what you need to
do is go down to there to the places
that are open and spend money because a
lot of those major resorts are owned by
investors in the United States who are
friends with the owners of the news
outlets but since none of those
investors thought enough of the people
of the Bahamas to reach out to their
hotel owner buddy president and demand
help maybe that's not the best thing to
do maybe it's not maybe instead you go
to Bahamas calm slash relief and figure
out what to do with their figure out
what you can do to help from their going
down there and ostensibly spending money
that is just going to be filtered back
out of the country
is it gonna help it isn't gonna help
what if you want to help you need to put
pressure on your representatives that's
what you need to do this is a disaster
but boko proportions and we are ignoring
it because the president of the united
states is is in a foe it's that simple
anyway it's just a fault you all have a
good day